Agms 319 - document NODE_ENV settings (#713)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/data-sync/openshift-templates.adoc

- DataSync App

The DataSync App template allows developers to deploy the Node.js DataSync App on Openshift using source code only.

> _Node s2i_  is used to build the Data Sync App image, however, in the Data Sync App's _Environment_ section you must input `NODE_ENV` into the _Name_ field and `development` into the accompanying _Value_ field. For the changes to take affect, the pod must be redeployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Node s2i_  is used to build the Data Sync App image.
NOTE: You must set the `NODE_ENV` environment variable to `development` and redeploy the pod to ensure access to the GraphQL playground.
```
